Welcome back to BrainStormX. In this feature deep dive we unpack the intelligence that powers every workshop.
Setup assistants design agendas automatically from your objectives, participants, and timing. Choose a template or let Nova craft a bespoke experience with guardrails and icebreakers.
Every participant enters a personal capture lane that ensures equitable contribution. Quiet teammates get gentle nudges while dominant voices are slowed to keep the pace balanced.
The clustering intelligence watches ideas in real time, groups them into themes, and publishes context cards with AI summaries your team can edit on the fly.
Voting modes adapt to the needs of each session. Use dot voting, pairwise battles, or ROI scoring and BrainStormX handles the timers, tallies, and fairness weights.
Feasibility analytics surface the most actionable ideas instantly. Cost, complexity, and strategic fit scores are generated by Nova's mixture-of-experts models for every cluster.
Action orchestration writes Jira or Linear tickets, assigns owners, and adds success metrics so momentum never stalls when the workshop ends.
The insights hub stores transcripts, highlights, and executive summaries with version history so stakeholders can replay every decision.
Use the performance dashboard to compare workshops, track participation health, and demonstrate innovation ROI to leadership.
BrainStormX evolves with your team. Activate new agents, plug into custom knowledge bases, and push results into your delivery tools in one click.
This is how BrainStormX turns creativity into repeatable impact. Let's build your next breakthrough together.